Wednesday advanced state
will perform this staging commissioned by the slaughter festival that during
several days guilds Madrid avant-garde visual creations combined with
equally experimental expressions and a provocative little city
on this occasion the visuals and the music although as a framework to the
collective action in cold blood also tonight we will try
have come in to play as
a cold-blooded group understand that logging - shown the gravel we're going to
try to make the moon an especially delicate moment
It is important to see how we are going to do it
also once again in the air game the new website of a third of the
population min
he said he understood that bus has been shown tremendously that people
let's see 1 despite which both federal entities that show
also dn
and the initial surprise of deceased people
the audiovisual human insituto promised us a mention and visuals and
so bright music
but the event hid a surprise
my intervention in cold blood
it's a group of pierce
that they experiment with radical proposals and alicia
past the 15 percent we reformed been a bad year I'm exhausted
jeff fisher
we sin to the photos of the temporary jump to the show
with everything to your beard artistic communication of body language skills
the moved several years is 2003
the one that we are
well, organizing
the third is not like that
he found himself facing a very tough rate
since before the general election
for a week
the reform of the current first mayor
after its suspension
and where they decide to denounce
some feelings do not
there is a feeling of faithful people until suspended
there was a level of unemployment that can cause the outbreak
to another person through the pain we look at the municipality of final jiménez
the many the same ones who defended their hometown a little the mind among the
states and municipalities in different points of the middle of the field to see
so what are the people
and remembered that he makes a tour
where is going to see a picture a shadow before what I'm there are
suspended
if you are going through all the problems i
so many people to their plan was to play they do not know how we are
and we are holding red
above all we want good image the people of
from calama to fight
then they appeared directly upon their arrival we hope that the people
understand it people are surprised that he has been present also in what
we seek not that everyone has their own opinion
the corporal suspension his idol overcoming
I have exceeded the limit to get
against a state of ee
this kind of indecent acts of a product
the agent of a show where the physicists
but the gestures I forget granada cf that we have to overcome for himself
there are very good people
is that people to us realize that the leaders of each person piquet not
we are able to endure the cold